hey everyone today we're making pulled
pork sandwiches now we're doing it on
the stovetop so it's really easy it's a
one pot deal and I think you're really
going to enjoy it so I'm rockin Robin
and I'm going to show you how to get
that nice smoky flavor in there right
after this so let's go over our
ingredients for our pulled pork
sandwiches we're going to need about
four and a half to five pounds of pork
shoulder or pork but they call it both
names as used interchangeably we'll need
some chicken broth some diced onions
over here I have some red wine vinegar
some ketchup I have garlic ground cumin
and for our secret smoky sauce we're
using smoked paprika back there and here
I've got just a little touch of cinnamon
and of course we'll need a little bit of
salt alright guys so with our pork but I
like to cut it up into chunks and the
reason that I like to do that is so that
I can cut off any excess fat we're just
going to shred this up anyway so it
doesn't really matter now if you don't
want to bother with that you don't have
to you want to leave some fat in there
but obviously we want to get rid of any
excess so I'm just going to put the
chunks of pork into my pot over here and
I'm going to go ahead and just cut this
up well you can see here then I've got a
big piece of fat and I want to eliminate
quite a bit of that so I'm going to go
ahead and continue chopping this up and
trimming it up now that we have all the
pork trimmed up and you can see how much
fat I cut off of it not a lot but you
know if you leave it in there you're
just going to be skimming it off later
anyway so that's why I like to do it
ahead of time all right now at this
point it gets really simple guys all you
do is add all of your ingredients to
your pot so here's our chicken broth
the red wine vinegar the ketchup the
ground cumin the garlic the smoked
paprika the cinnamon salt and last but
not least the onions so here we are at
the stove I've got the heat on high I
want to bring this to a quick boil and
then I'm going to cover it and simmer it
and where you let it simmer for two and
a half to three hours or until that pork
is nice and really just tender here's
our nice little boil here that's what we
want to do stir everything really well
and I'm going to cover it turn the heat
down to simmer I'll check back with you
in 2 and a half to three hours so here
is our pork after a good two and a half
hours and it's been simmering nicely and
it looks nice and tender some of this
meat is already falling apart you can
see that so now what I'm going to do is
take it out of the pot and place it into
a dish here and I'm going to shred it in
this dish over here and remove some of
the fat if there's any excess and then
I'm going to continue to cook the sauce
a little bit and cook it down to maybe
half of what it is I'm just going to let
it simmer some more with the lid off
and you want to get all those juices in
there as well anything left behind I'm
gonna let that simmer a bit more now I'm
on medium-low all right guys our pulled
pork is done it has been simmering now
and it's reduced down I like to keep it
a little moist so I'd like to have a
little sauce in my pork so now I've got
my little plate here and I got a little
coleslaw on the side which is perfect
for this and I've got a little toasted
bun because i like mine toasted and
we'll just place this right on our bread
check that out it is piping hot let me
tell you piping hot now you can put your
coleslaw on top of that if you want but
I just decide to put it on the side and
there we go who let that cool off that's
a little bit hot can you put your piece
on your top on there and let's take a
bite mmm oh my gosh mm-hmm my pork is
tender let me tell you that is good i
like that smoked paprika gives you a
nice little smoky taste it taste you
know that little tomato we flavor going
on with it with the ketchup and the red
wine vinegar The Onion's the garlic
delicious guys I hope you guys will try
this it is really really good so thanks
so much for watching today I do
appreciate it when you take time out of
your day to watch my videos so if you
like the video please share it give me a
thumbs up and leave me a comment and if
you haven't subscribed yet go ahead and
click that button up there and that way
you'll you will never miss one of my new
videos coming out alright thanks again
everybody will see you next time
you